Killed out so soon
I thought my face was perfect
Ha ha.
Ginger is still old and spicy
Right?
Like you said
You wouldn't talk to me in a place like this
Master, that little bastard dares to fight me
On the surface, the shares of Xiao's Group were given to me
To actually put the blame on my head
Mother, your identity suddenly entered our Su family
I just want to be sensible
Why does Mr. Su work part-time?
You want me to help you?
You have to mention something like Dongliu
Humph
Your Shaw Group is long gone
Do you think you have the qualifications to negotiate terms with me?
In that case
To kill to kill
Whatever you want.
You think I dare not
You want my life?
Then I'll give it to you.
But
I'm afraid you want to go down with me too
No wonder the little bastard who was able to take Lingshuang before
Playing around
Still have some skills
If you want revenge on Lingshuang, I can help you.
But only if
You must first clear my name
You mean you think I'm fat all my life?
Yes, as long as you stand up and tell the truth
Xiao's Group returns to its original owner
There's no fake drugs involved.
And at best it's just a failure of the experiment
And then you give me 40% of Shaw's shares
What do you think?